nice to be with our eggs again
those pigs keep on stealing them and
it's just getting extremely annoying
yeah I know how you feel
those pigs just keep on stealing them
but we'll just beat them up anyway yes I
think so too yeah we can mmm we can just
beat them up so much should we do that I
think I'm gonna go take a walk okay now
we're just gonna go protect the eggs
okay we have to get those eggs
you better have a good idea this time
stupid
stop following me stupid it's not my
fault we got beat up like three times
already
yes it is we need some better weapons
hmm well I think I do have a replacement
Walker on the way but I don't know how
long that will take
hmm we're gonna need some kind of
strategy hmm well they're so smart why
don't you think of something okay then
we can go think of something I'm gonna
go get something I'm gonna go get a
weapon a weapon
wait is that a butter knife yes I
thought it was gonna be a regular knife
sorry it's the only thing I can find in
this series uh-huh they're so stupid
my fault I'm stupid fine give me it
now we're gonna go get up now let's go
Oh get those eggs okay I found a hat
what did you get that hat from big bay
sweet now we're gonna go get those birds
oh I see bread bird went away not a walk
or something so we're gonna go throw
this and see if they figure it out that
see if they walk over to it like that's
very other episodes okay I'll throw it
again yeah let's go walk over to it
let's go wait for me wait for me too
guys wait up
okay we've been Redbirds been enough
through this a lot this is just a stupid
bird knife let's go steal the eggs Oh
got the eggs bent over here all right
all right now we got the eggs Oh got the
eggs now we're gonna have to hide
somewhere so they won't find us okay
let's go down here put the eggs
let's just go hide under here cuz they
can't find us under here okay
now we're not we're under here put them
in back so we can roast them okay I put
them in back all right start roasting
them okay all right now wah-ha-ha-ha we
got the eggs let's go back to our eggs
our eggs are gone again why the heck do
those pigs keep stealing them we still
go because we want to eat them well we
can't tolerate that right guys are back
for my walk what's everyone doing
pigs have our eggs again I can't believe
it
they've stolen our eggs yet again let's
go get up yeah oh oh oh
Wow Oh get him oh I'm glad Paul we have
you surrounded
again King pain not again don't beat us
up again we have to let's get up let's
get all not again it's happening again I
know we should add something more in the
next episode we will yes we will answer
need some more stuff if you want any
suggestions for episodes leave it down
in the comments below also if we get 7
subscribers well show you some mario
stuff so i know this video wasn't as
exciting as the other ones but leave
some suggestions in the next video or
leave some comments down below so we're
gonna go beat up king pain now Wow hey
it's the mighty Aussie we're gonna have
her in the next episode but if you want
to have any new suggestions leave it
down in the comments below for the
episode so rate comment and subscribe
hey stay away from my dog get out of
here